README.md, before:

<h1>
  <img src="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/P2MM-ART/blob/e56d8c209eb3f143bb0607dc1e59730e517ecca6/Banners/P2MMBannerREADME.png" alt="P2MMBannerREADME" width="500" height="300" align="left">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/nXRygGNxyK">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/839651379034193920?color=blue&label=Discord%20Users&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoWidth=20" alt="Discord Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod?color=red&label=Latest%20Release&style=for-the-badge" alt="Release Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/total?style=for-the-badge&label=LATEST%20RELEASE%20DOWNLOADS" alt="Download Count Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/commits/main">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod?label=LAST%20COMMIT%20(MAIN)&style=for-the-badge" alt="Commit Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/commits/finalcleanup">
    <img alt="GitHub last commit (branch)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/finalcleanup?style=for-the-badge&label=LAST%20COMMIT%20(DEV)&color=%2334a5eb" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <p align="right">PORTAL 2: MULTIPLAYER MOD</p>
</h1>

### This mod is completely server-side. Only the server operator needs to run Portal 2 with the mod installed. People who join the host should run stock Portal 2.

## Languages
***English*** | [Español](README.es.md) | [Polish](README.pl.md) | [简体中文](README.zh-CN.md) | [繁體中文](README.zh-TW.md)

## Mod features
```
  - A maximum player cap of 33
  - Name Tags
  - Custom Player colors
  - Chat commands (!help)
  - In-game Admin system
  - Full cooperative campaign support
  - Full singleplayer campaign support (needs minor polishing)
  - Full Super 8 map support
  - In-house map support for select workshop maps
  - Encryption of client commands invoked through the active GameRules class
  - Support for Linux, Windows 7 and above
  - Togglable game options and config system exposed through VScript and a custom plugin
  - Support for SAR (SourceAutoRecord) for speedrunning
```

# Installation & use

**Steam guide on how to host and join a game:**

- <https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2458260280>

**Latest version:**

- <https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod>

**Discord Server for technical help (MAKE SURE YOU READ THE FAQ!!!), bug report or to just chat:**

- <https://discord.gg/kW3nG6GKpF>


# Build

*We use Python 3.10 for the launcher*

**Dependencies**
- pygame
- pyperclip
- requests
- steamid-converter

We also have them in a file for easy install `pip install -r requirements.txt`

**Compilation**

We use `pyinstaller` to make the executable, `pip install pyinstaller`
- Windows:

```
pyinstaller "src/MainWindow.py" -F -i "src/GUI/images/p2mm64.ico" --noconsole --add-data "src/GUI;GUI" --add-data "src/ModFiles;ModFiles" --add-data "src/Languages;Languages"
```

- Linux:

```
pyinstaller "src/MainWindow.py" -F --add-data "src/GUI:GUI" --add-data "src/ModFiles:ModFiles" --add-data "src/Languages:Languages"
```

*Note:*  
- If you want to fork the project and do your own releases you need to changes the variables at the top of `src/Scripts/Updater.py` to your own information


# Contributions

We are always happy to take whatever additional help we can get for this project. Specifically, we are in need of proficient coders in Squirrel or C++. If you think you can spare a hand, it will go a long way!

# Credits

**Developers:**
- kyleraykbs
- Bumpy
- Nanoman2525
- vista
- Wolƒe Strider Shoσter
- cabiste

**Contributors:**
- zwexit\ (Orsell) 
- wanderer (free bird)
- \n
- Luukex
- MeblIkea
- Luukex
- PieCreeper
- Areng

Commit message:

updated the readme to add instructions on how to build the AppImage

README.md, after:

<h1>
  <img src="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/P2MM-ART/blob/e56d8c209eb3f143bb0607dc1e59730e517ecca6/Banners/P2MMBannerREADME.png" alt="P2MMBannerREADME" width="500" height="300" align="left">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/nXRygGNxyK">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/839651379034193920?color=blue&label=Discord%20Users&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoWidth=20" alt="Discord Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod?color=red&label=Latest%20Release&style=for-the-badge" alt="Release Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/releases/latest">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/total?style=for-the-badge&label=LATEST%20RELEASE%20DOWNLOADS" alt="Download Count Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/commits/main">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod?label=LAST%20COMMIT%20(MAIN)&style=for-the-badge" alt="Commit Shield Badge" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/commits/finalcleanup">
    <img alt="GitHub last commit (branch)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/finalcleanup?style=for-the-badge&label=LAST%20COMMIT%20(DEV)&color=%2334a5eb" align="right">
  </a>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <p align="right">PORTAL 2: MULTIPLAYER MOD</p>
</h1>

### This mod is completely server-side. Only the host needs to run Portal 2 with the mod installed. People who join the host should run stock Portal 2.

## Languages

**_English_** | [Español](README.es.md) | [Polish](README.pl.md) | [简体中文](README.zh-CN.md) | [繁體中文](README.zh-TW.md)

## Mod features

```
  - A maximum player cap of 33
  - Name Tags
  - Custom Player colors
  - Chat commands (!help)
  - In-game Admin system
  - Full cooperative campaign support
  - Full singleplayer campaign support (needs minor polishing)
  - Full Super 8 map support
  - In-house map support for select workshop maps
  - Encryption of client commands invoked through the active GameRules class
  - Support for Linux, Windows 7 and above
  - Togglable game options and config system exposed through VScript and a custom plugin
  - Support for SAR (SourceAutoRecord) for speedrunning
```

# Installation & use

**Steam guide on how to host and join a game:**

- <https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2458260280>

**Download the latest version:**

- <https://github.com/Portal-2-Multiplayer-Mod/Portal2-Multiplayer-Mod/releases/latest>

**Discord Server for technical help (MAKE SURE YOU READ THE FAQ!!!), bug report or to just chat:**

- <https://discord.gg/kW3nG6GKpF>

# Build

_We use Python 3.10 for the launcher_

## Dependencies

- pygame
- pyperclip
- requests
- steamid-converter

We also have them in a file for easy install; `pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Compilation

We use `pyinstaller` and `AppImage` to make the executables!

### Windows:

For windows we only use [pyinstaller](https://pypi.org/project/pyinstaller/) to build the executable (if you know of better options please tell us)

```shell
pyinstaller "src/MainWindow.py" -F -i "src/GUI/images/p2mm64.ico" --noconsole --add-data "src/GUI;GUI" --add-data "src/ModFiles;ModFiles" --add-data "src/Languages;Languages"
```

### Linux:

For Linux We switched to using [AppImage](https://appimage.org/) and we made a tool to help with that, simply have docker installed and run `tools/build-docker.sh`.

But if you don't want to use AppImage / docker, you can still use pyinstaller like below:

```shell
pyinstaller "src/MainWindow.py" -F --add-data "src/GUI:GUI" --add-data "src/ModFiles:ModFiles" --add-data "src/Languages:Languages"
```

### Notes:

- If you want to fork the project and do your own releases you need to change the variables at the top of `src/Scripts/Updater.py` to your own information and update the values in `AppImageBuilder.yml`

# Contributions

We are always happy to take whatever additional help we can get for this project. Specifically, we are in need of proficient coders in Squirrel or C++. If you think you can spare a hand, it will go a long way!

# Credits

**Developers:**

- kyleraykbs
- Bumpy
- Nanoman2525
- vista
- Wolƒe Strider Shoσter
- cabiste

**Contributors:**

- zwexit\ (Orsell)
- wanderer (free bird)
- \n
- Luukex
- MeblIkea
- Luukex
- PieCreeper
- Areng
